# CS-330-Comp-Graphics-and-Visualization

How do I approach designing software? What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft? What design process did you follow for your project work? How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?

The steps I take to design software are composed of researching, implementing, and testing. It is all done in a cycle. First I must read and get informed on how to implement the code. I need to learn the proper sintax and implementation required to use the code. Once I learn how to apply and create the code I also create notes within my code to have a documentation of what each line of code is intended to do. Once a section of my project has been completed I always test my code to see whehter my code opperates as intended. It is important to test code to ensure that it is working properly and check for errors. Throughout this course I learned and picked up some new trick along the way. One small trick that I have learned is to combine images together to load one image to wrap the texutre around the object. For example, lets say you have to wrap a texture of a clock in an object. The face is digital and the body is all wood. Instead of loading two images you can combine one image and split the point values in half to wrap the texture around the object. The design process for my project was influenced by the templates given to me by course material. The tactics from my design process are applicable to any project that I may face. All projects require a designing phase in which the developer must take a step back to understand the implementation of the code. Testing is also highly important to review your work and is applicable to any project becuase the developer must enure that their code works. 

How do I approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? How did iteration factor into your development? How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?

Developing programs is the smae process as designing software. First the code must be written then tested. It is also important to reuse code if it can be. This will allow the developer to save some time and work efficiently. Recycling code can also be known as iteration factor since the developer is repeating the same or similar process within the code. The most repetitive and recycled code are the vertices values for each object. This is the most recycled code with the exception of using the position vertex since the cooridnates will be changed to create a different object. My approach to developing code has evolved throughout each milestone by learning new methods on how to implement texture, color lighting, and rotation. All these methods were combined at the end to produce the final result of my project which contained camara movement, texture, and ligthing color. 

How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?

Computer science can help me in raching my goals by creating tools that facilitate my tasks. Furhtermore, computational graphics and visualization can be applied in my future educational pathway by creating an animation to represent future projects to use as a 3D model. These skills can also be applied in my professional pathway by having more tools to offer in my career. The more tools I have the more well eqipped I am to complete a task assigned to me. Hopefully in the future they allow me to focus in a particular language to become an expert in a field instead of learning new things constantlu without having the time to master it. 
